{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial Bold;}}
{\colortbl ;\red197\green160\blue89;\red8\green13\blue9;\red107\green101\blue96;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\b\f0\fs32 Uniq Decor SEO Dashboard - API Design Documentation\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\par
\b 1. Overview & Business Use Case\b0\par
The "Uniq Decor SEO Dashboard" is a private, in-house business tool designed exclusively for the internal marketing team of Uniq Decor (uniqdecorfurniture.in), a premium furniture and home decor showroom based in Udaipur, India.\par
The tool allows our marketing team to monitor search query impressions, CTR, and search volume to optimize our landing page SEO metadata (titles, descriptions, and H1 tags).\par
\par
\b 2. Google Ads API Integration Scope\b0\par
Our application uses the Google Ads API strictly for Keyword Planning historical metrics. The tool does not manage ads, budgets, or write campaigns. It only performs read-only operations to fetch keyword volume data:\par
- API Version: v24\par
- Endpoint: generateKeywordHistoricalMetrics\par
- Targeting: GeoTarget India (geoTargetConstants/2356), Language English (languageConstants/1000)\par
\par
\b 3. User Access and Security\b0\par
- Access to the dashboard is restricted to internal employees (marketing and content team members).\par
- There are no external clients or public access.\par
- Credentials (Developer Token, Client ID, Client Secret, and Refresh Token) are stored securely in a server-side environment file (.env.local) and are never exposed to the client-side browser bundle.\par
\par
\b 4. API Data Flow and Architecture\b0\par
1. The user logs into the dashboard.\par
2. The server-side route (/api/seo-audit) checks the cache for keyword volume data.\par
3. If cache is expired or missing, the server exchanges the OAuth 2.0 Refresh Token for an Access Token via: https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token\par
4. The server calls the Google Ads API: https://googleads.googleapis.com/v24/customers/[Customer_ID]:generateKeywordHistoricalMetrics\par
5. The retrieved average monthly searches are combined with Google Search Console impressions and displayed in a dashboard table.\par
\par
\b 5. Dashboard User Interface Details\b0\par
The user interface features:\par
- Status Badges: A top header status badge showing "Google Ads (Keyword Planner): Connected" once Basic Access is granted.\par
- Performance Grid: Display of monthly search volume alongside GSC clicks, GSC impressions, and SEO optimization score for each of our website's 37 pages (e.g. /, /ddecor, /geeken).\par
- SEO Audit: On-page keyword checklist validation.\par
}
